# Appointment-App

This project involves creating a scheduling application with various features. A log-in form is created that can determine the user’s location and translate log-in and error control messages into the user’s language and in one additional language. The application provides the ability to add, update, and delete customer records in the database, including name, address, and phone number. It also enables the user to add, update, and delete appointments, capturing the type of appointment and a link to the specific customer record in the database. The calendar can be viewed by month and week.

The application also provides the ability to automatically adjust appointment times based on user time zones and daylight-saving time. Exception controls are implemented to prevent scheduling an appointment outside business hours, scheduling overlapping appointments, entering nonexistent or invalid customer data, and entering an incorrect username and password. Additionally, two or more lambda expressions are used to make the program more efficient. Reminders and alerts are provided 15 minutes in advance of an appointment, based on the user’s log-in.

The application provides the ability to generate various reports using collection classes, such as the number of appointment types by month, the schedule for each consultant, and one additional report of the user’s choice. User activity is tracked by recording timestamps for user log-ins in a .txt file. Finally, the project demonstrates professional communication in the content and presentation of the submission.
